Cybersixgill Actionable Alerts (#1576)
DataDog/integrations-extras: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/README.md

> # Agent Check: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts
> ## Overview
> The Cybersixgill actionable alerts integration provides an 
> automated threat intelligence solution based on the most comprehensive data sources from the deep, dark and surface web. 
> It is customizable, enabling you to define key assets relevant to your brand, industry, and geolocation. You can covertly 
> monitor critical assets such as IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs for activity on the underground and closed 
> sources - and prioritize, as well as respond to threats directly from the Datadog dashboard.
> This check monitors [cybersixgill_actionable_alerts][1].
> ## Setup
> ### Installation
> To install the cybersixgill_actionable_alerts check on your host:
> 1. Install the [developer toolkit][11] on any machine.
> 2. To build the package, run the command: `ddev release build cybersixgill_actionable_alerts`
> 3. [Install the Datadog Agent][10] on your host.
> 4. Once the Agent is installed, upload the build artifact by running the command: `datadog-agent integration install -w
>  path/to/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/dist/datadog_cybersixgill_actionable_alerts-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl`.
> ### Configuration
> 1. Provide Client Id and Client Secret in Configuration.yaml file which you will get it once you contact info@cybersixgill.com.
> 2. Provide the min collection interval in seconds. `min_collection_interval: 3600`
> ### Validation
> 1. Verify that [events][12] are generated in your account
> ## Data Collected
> ### Metrics
> cybersixgill_actionable_alerts does not include any metrics.
> ### Service Checks
> See assets/service_checks.json for a list of service checks provided by this integration.
> ### Events
> This integration sends events into Datadog.
> ## Troubleshooting
> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3] or [Cybersixgill support][13].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Agent Check: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts

## Overview

The Cybersixgill actionable alerts integration provides an 
automated threat intelligence solution based on the most comprehensive data sources from the deep, dark and surface web. It is customizable, enabling you to define key assets relevant to your brand, industry, and geolocation. You can covertly monitor critical assets such as IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs for activity on the underground and closed sources - and prioritize, as well as respond to threats directly from the Datadog dashboard.

This check monitors [cybersixgill_actionable_alerts][1].

## Setup

### Installation

To install the cybersixgill_actionable_alerts check on your host:
1. Install the [developer toolkit][11] on any machine.
2. To build the package, run the command: `ddev release build cybersixgill_actionable_alerts`
3. [Install the Datadog Agent][10] on your host.
4. Once the Agent is installed, upload the build artifact by running the command: `datadog-agent integration install -w
 path/to/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/dist/datadog_cybersixgill_actionable_alerts-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl`.

### Configuration
1. Provide Client Id and Client Secret in Configuration.yaml file which you will get it once you contact info@cybersixgill.com.
2. Provide the min collection interval in seconds. `min_collection_interval: 3600`
### Validation
1. Verify that [events][12] are generated in your account

## Data Collected

### Service Checks
See assets/service_checks.json for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events
This integration sends events into Datadog.

## Troubleshooting
Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3] or [Cybersixgill support][13].
```

# Agent Check: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts

## Overview

Cybersixgill actionable alerts monitors critical assets across the deep, dark, and surface web 
such as IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs. This integration provides an out-of-

> the-box dashboard to prioritize and respond to threats.

Reviewer 2: Bumping this!

> This check monitors [cybersixgill_actionable_alerts][1].

Reviewer 3: Can you clarify here what data is being sent into Datadog?

Author: It's mostly contextual data based on the assets provided by the user. Let me know if you want me to mention anything specific here.

Reviewer 2: @fshaik3494 Can you include what data is being sent to Datadog?

## Setup

> If you are not already a customer of Cybersixgill, visit Cybersixgill's Marketplace listing to purchase a license.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are not already a customer of Cybersixgill, visit Cybersixgill's Marketplace listing to purchase a license.

```

Reviewer 2: @fshaik3494 Please include the space that Ana suggested

### Installation

To install the cybersixgill_actionable_alerts check on your host:
1. Install the [developer toolkit][11] on any machine.
2. To build the package, run the command: `ddev release build cybersixgill_actionable_alerts`
3. [Install the Datadog Agent][10] on your host.
4. Once the Agent is installed, run the following command to install the integration: `datadog-agent integration install -t 

> datadog-Cybersixgill Actionable Alerts==1.0.0`.

Reviewer 3: Just want to double check - is this the correct command with the spaces?

Author: yes

 path/to/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/dist/datadog_cybersixgill_actionable_alerts-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl`.

### Configuration

> 1. Provide Client Id and Client Secret in Configuration.yaml file, once you contact 
> info@cybersixgill.com you will receive a welcome email with access to Cybersixgill 
> developer portal and then creating the client ID and secret there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Email info@cybersixgill.com
2. You will receive a welcome email with access to the Cybersixgill developer platform
3. Within the Cybersixgill developer platform, create the Client ID and Client secret
4. Copy the Client ID and Client secret and paste them into the Configuration.yaml file
```

> 2. Provide the min collection interval in seconds. `min_collection_interval: 3600`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Provide the min collection interval in seconds. `min_collection_interval: 3600`
```

> 1. To get Cybersixgill client ID and secret to operate Datadog integration, please reach out to support@cybersixgill.com.
> 2. You will receive a welcome email with access to the Cybersixgill developer platform.
> 3. Within the Cybersixgill developer platform, create the Client ID and Client secret.
> 4. Copy the Client ID and Client secret and paste them into the Configuration.yaml file.
> 5. Provide the min collection interval in seconds. `min_collection_interval: 3600`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Please reach out to support@cybersixgill.com and request access to the Cybersixgill Developer Platform.
2. You will receive a welcome email with access to the Cybersixgill developer platform.
3. Within the Cybersixgill developer platform, create the Client ID and Client secret.
4. Copy the Client ID and Client secret and paste them into the Configuration.yaml file.
5. Provide the min collection interval in seconds. `min_collection_interval: 3600`
```

### Validation

>  Verify that [events][12] are generated in your account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 Verify that Cybersixgill events are generated in the [Datadog Event Explorer][12].
```

## Data Collected

### Service Checks

> See assets/service_checks.json for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See [service_checks.json][14] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.
```

### Events

> This integration sends API type [events][12] to Datadog.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This integration sends API type events to Datadog.
```

## Troubleshooting
Need help? Contact [Cybersixgill support][13].

[1]: https://www.cybersixgill.com/
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[4]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/datadog_checks/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/data/conf.yaml.example
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[7]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/metadata.csv
[8]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/assets/service_checks.json
[9]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[10]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/agent/
[11]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/new_check_howto/#developer-toolkit
[12]: https://app.datadoghq.com/event/explorer

> [13]: support@cybersixgill.com

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[13]: support@cybersixgill.com
[14]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/assets/service_checks.json
```

# Agent Check: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts

## Overview

Cybersixgill actionable alerts monitors critical assets across the deep, dark, and surface web 
such as IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs. This integration provides an out-of-
the-box dashboard to prioritize and respond to threats.

This check monitors [cybersixgill_actionable_alerts][1].

## Setup

### Installation

To install the cybersixgill_actionable_alerts check on your host:
1. Install the [developer toolkit][11] on any machine.
2. To build the package, run the command: `ddev release build cybersixgill_actionable_alerts`
3. [Install the Datadog Agent][10] on your host.

> 4. Once the Agent is installed, upload the build artifact by running the command: `datadog-agent integration install -w

Reviewer 2: Can you provide information on where you found this command? The command to install the agent check should look similar to the command [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/?tab=agentv721v621)

 path/to/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/dist/datadog_cybersixgill_actionable_alerts-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl`.

### Configuration
1. Email info@cybersixgill.com.
2. You will receive a welcome email with access to the Cybersixgill developer platform.
3. Within the Cybersixgill developer platform, create the Client ID and Client secret.
4. Copy the Client ID and Client secret and paste them into the Configuration.yaml file.
5. Provide the min collection interval in seconds. `min_collection_interval: 3600`

### Validation

> 1. Verify that [events][12] are generated in your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Verify that [events][12] are generated in your account.
```

## Data Collected

### Service Checks
See assets/service_checks.json for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events
This integration sends events into Datadog.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3] or [Cybersixgill support][13].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Cybersixgill support][13].
```

# Agent Check: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts

## Overview

Cybersixgill actionable alerts monitors critical assets across the deep, dark, and surface web 
such as IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs. This integration provides an out-of-
the-box dashboard to prioritize and respond to threats.

This check monitors [cybersixgill_actionable_alerts][1].

## Setup

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are not already a customer of Cybersixgill, visit Cybersixgill's Marketplace listing to purchase a license.
```

### Installation

To install the cybersixgill_actionable_alerts check on your host:
1. Install the [developer toolkit][11] on any machine.
2. To build the package, run the command: `ddev release build cybersixgill_actionable_alerts`
3. [Install the Datadog Agent][10] on your host.
4. Once the Agent is installed, upload the build artifact by running the command: `datadog-agent integration install -w
 path/to/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/dist/datadog_cybersixgill_actionable_alerts-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl`.

### Configuration

> 1. Provide Client Id and Client Secret in Configuration.yaml file which you will get it once you contact info@cybersixgill.com.

Reviewer 2: Can you provide more insight on this process on acquiring the client id and secret? Does the customer need to provide you information to retrieve it?

Author: Yes, Cybersixgill has many products so depending on the Integration user will get the proper client id and client secret.

# Agent Check: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts

## Overview

> The Cybersixgill actionable alerts integration provides an automated threat intelligence solution based on the most 
> comprehensive data sources from the deep, dark and surface web. It is customizable, enabling you to define key assets 
> relevant to your brand, industry, and geolocation. You can covertly monitor critical assets such as IP addresses, 
> domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs for activity on the underground and closed sources - and prioritize, as well as 
> respond to threats directly from the Datadog dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cybersixgill actionable alerts provides an automated threat intelligence solution based on comprehensive data sources from the deep, dark and surface web. It is customizable, enabling you to define key assets relevant to your brand, industry, and geolocation. This integration provides an out-of-the-box dashboard to monitor, prioritize, and respond to critical assets such as IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs. 
```

# Agent Check: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts

## Overview

> Cybersixgill actionable alerts monitors critical assets across the deep, dark, and surface web such as IP addresses, 
> domains, vulnerabilities, VIPs and provide alerts and the context surrounding that alert to include severity, threat type, 
> description, post snippet, recommendations and assessments. This integration provides an out-of-the-box dashboard 
> to prioritize and respond to threats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cybersixgill actionable alerts monitors critical assets across the deep, dark, and surface web such as IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, VIPs and provide alerts and the context surrounding that alert to include severity, threat type, description, post snippet, recommendations and assessments. This integration provides an out-of-the-box dashboard to prioritize and respond to threats.
```
fixing the formatting

This check monitors [cybersixgill_actionable_alerts][1].

## Setup

> If you are not already a customer of Cybersixgill, visit Cybersixgill's Marketplace listing 
> to purchase a license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This line will need to be removed because there isn't a Marketplace listing.

### Installation

To install the cybersixgill_actionable_alerts check on your host:
1. Install the [developer toolkit][11] on any machine.
2. To build the package, run the command: `ddev release build cybersixgill_actionable_alerts`
3. [Install the Datadog Agent][10] on your host.
4. Once the Agent is installed, run the following command to install the integration:

> `datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-Cybersixgill Actionable Alerts==1.0.0`.

Reviewer 4: This allows the command to appear in its own code block, which should make it easier to copy. Screenshot for reference:
https://a.cl.ly/12u76nR2

# Agent Check: cybersixgill_actionable_alerts

## Overview

> By integrating Cybersixgill actionable alerts, Datadog customers gain a premium,
> automated threat intelligence solution based on the most comprehensive data sources from the deep, dark and surface web. 
> It is customizable, enabling users to define key assets relevant to their brand, industry, and geolocation. Users can covertly 
> monitor critical assets such as IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs for activity on the underground and closed sources - and 
> prioritize, as well as respond to threats directly from the Siemplify dashboard.

Reviewer 2: Can you provide more insight on the type of threats? 
```suggestion
Cybersixgill actionable alerts allows you to monitor critical assets like IP addresses, domains, vulnerabilities, and VIPs within Datadog to respond to threats from the dark web. 
```

Author: Examples of threat types are Data Leak, Malware, Phishing, Fraud, Vulnerability Exploit, Insider Threat, Web Attack

> prioritize, as well as respond to threats directly from the Siemplify dashboard.

Author: It's synonym for dark-web

This check monitors [cybersixgill_actionable_alerts][1].

## Setup

### Installation

To install the cybersixgill_actionable_alerts check on your host:

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

1. Install the [developer toolkit][11] on any machine.

2. To build the package, run the command: `ddev release build cybersixgill_actionable_alerts` 

3. [Install the Datadog Agent][10] on your host.

4. Once the Agent is installed, upload the build artifact by running the command: `datadog-agent integration install -w
 path/to/cybersixgill_actionable_alerts/dist/datadog_cybersixgill_actionable_alerts-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl`.

### Configuration

> 1. Provide Client Id and Client Secret in Configuration.yaml file which you will get it info@cybersixgill.com2.

Reviewer 2: How does the customer get the client id and client secret from the email address?

Author: They will get client id and client secret once they contact Cybersixgill Support team.

2. Provide the min collection interval in seconds. `min_collection_interval: 3600`

### Validation

1. Verify that [events][12] are generated in your account 

## Data Collected

### Metrics

cybersixgill_actionable_alerts does not include any metrics.

### Service Checks

> See assets/service_checks.json for a list of service checks provided by this integration..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See assets/service_checks.json for a list of service checks provided by this integration.
```

### Events

> All Events are sent to Datadog event stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration sends events into Datadog.
```

> cybersixgill_actionable_alerts does include events.

Reviewer 2: The validation above mentioned that events are generated. If events are generated, please include that here as well. If not, please update the validation section

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3] or [Cybersixgill support][13].

[1]: https://www.cybersixgill.com/
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent

> [3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/integrations/

Reviewer: This looks incorrect. 
```suggestion
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
```
